Adjust title frame so its less ugly and the title fits better, space between frame doesn't matter!Adjust spacing between frames!Adjust Desktop Folder Creator button date stamp + dropdown to match nested style!Make sure add Date stamp (2nd) accepts global colour also!Add date stamp logic to nested folder creator!Add browse button word outputs!Qtreewidget field needs default text to explain files can be dropped in aswell!Load Template Create Template can be unstretched in size!Make words disappear and not linger endlessly!Make sure all outputs are in he correct place and visually match!Revisit colours!State management persist, colour, last used directory, whether date stamps + auto name and number where toggled on or off!Added tooltips to the qtreewidget!Delete key support – allow pressing the Delete key to remove the currently selected tree item!Added auto expansion on json/txt folder drag and drop in!Added subtle animated tree expansion and improved branch visuals using a lightweight Qt feature to give the tree a more professional feel!Template library folder – store templates in a dedicated Templates folder and allow quick loading of saved templates!Open folder after build – add an option to open the output directory in Explorer after successful folder creation!Gui overhaul with dynamic gui size change dependant on mode!Switch the template section to be on the far right!Switched Theme selector from qdial to theme buttons!Fix Auto numbering of folders + names, for nested folder creator!Button Greying logic relative to state!Fixed status output stretching for nested folder creator!Added in horizontal side scrolling for the qtree!Expand collapse all added/ sort / find added!Added in ctrl v pasting for nested trees!AddedKeyboard shortcuts (Add folder, add subfolder, delete, save/load template)!Nested folder to remember precise date styling like desktop folder creator does!Drag real folders into the app to import their structure. Should be able to drag real folder trees from Windows in and it ignores files inside then recreates that as a tree which can then be exported as a template!Search folders in tree!Fixed default to desktop greying/ungreying!Fixed nested folder creator remembering date formatting from the dropdown!Fix add sub folders ungreying when auto number _ name sub folders is checked.Split off output location + create template location new qlineedit to go next to it. Give them both titles.!synced > styles so when themes change colour they change colour also!Export folder structures to Markdown documentation + txt + json + odt. (Needs a drop down) !Split gui refactor!Gave enter key + f2 rename + del key to desktop folder creator!Visually seperate Template and out folder locations!Fix ugly seperator lines, make gui lines thicker!Should not accept ctrl v pasting from json only plain text!Duplicate folder detection within the same parent!Automatic folder name sanitization for invalid characters!